docs: write v0.11.0 changelog (#1019)
filecoin-project/lily: CHANGELOG.md

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html). Breaking changes should trigger an increment to the major version. Features increment the minor version and fixes or other changes increment the patch number.

<a name="v0.11.0"></a>
## [v0.11.0] - 2022-06-05

> ### Feat
> * support network version 16 [#988](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lily/pull/988)
> * add is_string column to market_deal_proposal model [#1015](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lily/pull/1015)
>   * REQUIRES MIGRATION 

Reviewer: Good idea to add it. Maybe migrations should be more visible in the notes?

```suggestion

## DATABASE MIGRATION

This release includes a migration which must be applied before deploying against an existing database.

### Feat
* support network version 16 [#988](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lily/pull/988)
* add is_string column to market_deal_proposal model [#1015](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lily/pull/1015)
```
